Script for Feedback Video:

[Opening shot of Sivan sitting in front of a camera, smiling]

Sivan: Hi, my name is Sivan Jadhav and I am an 8th-grade student. Today, I wanted to take a moment to give some feedback on my English teacher, Silvia Benjamin Mam.

[Cut to footage of Silvia teaching in the classroom, intercut with footage of Sivan working on an English assignment]

Sivan (voiceover): From the moment I stepped into her classroom, I knew that I was in for an exciting journey of learning. Silvia Mam is not just a teacher, she is a mentor. She has a unique way of teaching that makes it easy for us to understand and retain the concepts. She has helped me develop a bit of confidence in my English skills and I have improved a lot in my grammar and punctuation.

[Cut back to Sivan sitting in front of the camera]

Sivan: I remember when I first joined her class, I was struggling with understanding the basics of grammar and punctuation. But with Silvia Mam's guidance, I was able to grasp the concepts quickly. She always made sure that every student understood the subject matter before moving on to the next topic.

[Cut to footage of Silvia and Sivan working together one-on-one, with Silvia giving feedback on Sivan's work]

Sivan (voiceover): Silvia Mam has always been available to answer my questions and help me with any issues I had with my work. I can always count on her to be there for me and I am so grateful for that. She always goes above and beyond to make sure that we are comfortable and confident in our learning.

[Cut back to Sivan sitting in front of the camera]

Sivan: I am so grateful for the time and effort Silvia Mam has put into teaching me and I hope to have her as my teacher again in 9th grade. But in case if she is not there, I would love to stay in touch with her. Could you please share your email with me Silvia Mam, so I can keep you updated on my progress?

[Cut to footage of Silvia and her class working on a group project]

Sivan (voiceover): I also appreciate the way Silvia Mam encourages teamwork and collaboration in her class. We often work on group projects which helped me to improve my communication skills and work well with others. She always encourages us to think creatively and come up with new ideas.

[Cut back to Sivan sitting in front of the camera]

Sivan: Silvia Mam, I want to give a special tribute to you. You have not only taught me English, but you have taught me the importance of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. You have always been an inspiration to me and I am so lucky to have had you as my teacher. I will always remember the lessons you have taught me and I am grateful for the impact you have made on my life.

[Closing shot of Sivan sitting in front of the camera, smiling]

Sivan: Thank you, Silvia Mam, for everything you have done for me. I wish you all the best in your future endeavors.

[Closing shot of Silvia's name on the screen, followed by the video's title]
